web/README.md, before:

# PACS Web Administration Frontend

React-based web administration interface for the PACS system.

## Features

- **Dashboard**: System status overview, metrics, and health indicators
- **Patient Browser**: Search and browse patient records with study details
- **Worklist Management**: View and manage scheduled procedures
- **Audit Logs**: Searchable audit trail with CSV/JSON export
- **Configuration**: System settings management
- **Associations**: Monitor active DICOM network connections

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: React 18 with TypeScript
- **Build Tool**: Vite
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS v4
- **State Management**: React Query (TanStack Query)
- **Routing**: React Router v6
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Charts**: Recharts

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm 9+
- PACS REST API server running on port 8080

## Getting Started

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

## Development

The development server runs on port 3000 and proxies API requests to `http://localhost:8080`.

### Project Structure

```
web/
├── src/
│   ├── api/          # API client and types
│   ├── components/   # Reusable UI components
│   │   ├── layout/   # Layout components (Header, Sidebar)
│   │   └── ui/       # Base UI components (Button, Card, Table)
│   ├── hooks/        # Custom React hooks
│   ├── lib/          # Utility functions
│   ├── pages/        # Page components
│   └── types/        # TypeScript type definitions
├── public/           # Static assets
└── index.html        # Entry HTML file
```

### API Endpoints

The frontend connects to the following REST API endpoints:

| Endpoint | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `GET /api/v1/system/status` | System health status |
| `GET /api/v1/system/metrics` | Performance metrics |
| `GET /api/v1/system/config` | Configuration |
| `GET /api/v1/patients` | Patient list |
| `GET /api/v1/patients/:id` | Patient details |
| `GET /api/v1/worklist` | Worklist items |
| `GET /api/v1/audit/logs` | Audit log entries |
| `GET /api/v1/associations` | DICOM associations |

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be in the `dist/` directory. These can be served by any static file server or integrated with the C++ REST server.

## Configuration

### Vite Configuration

Edit `vite.config.ts` to customize:
- API proxy settings
- Build output directory
- Development server port

### TailwindCSS Theme

Edit `src/index.css` to customize the color theme and design tokens.

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](../LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

feat(web): Implement Dashboard with real-time updates (#256)
* feat(web): implement dashboard with real-time updates and charts

- Add DashboardStats and StorageStats types for dashboard data
- Implement getDashboardStats() to aggregate stats from multiple APIs
- Add getRecentActivity() endpoint for audit log feed
- Add recharts-based storage usage pie charts (used/free and modality breakdown)
- Implement ActivityFeed component with event icons and outcome badges
- Add HealthIndicator component for system component status
- Add StatCard with loading states and optional trend indicators
- Implement optimized polling (10s for real-time, 30s for status)
- Add manual refresh button with loading animation
- Improve responsive grid layout for desktop/tablet

Closes #243

* docs(web): update README with enhanced dashboard features

- Document real-time dashboard capabilities
- List new features: storage charts, health indicators, activity feed
- Mention auto-refresh intervals and manual refresh

* chore(web): update package-lock.json

web/README.md, after:

# PACS Web Administration Frontend

React-based web administration interface for the PACS system.

## Features

- **Dashboard**: Real-time system status with:
  - Active associations counter with live updates
  - Patient and study statistics
  - Storage usage pie charts (used/free and by modality)
  - System health component indicators
  - Recent activity feed from audit logs
  - Auto-refresh (10s for real-time data, 30s for status)
  - Manual refresh button
- **Patient Browser**: Search and browse patient records with study details
- **Worklist Management**: View and manage scheduled procedures
- **Audit Logs**: Searchable audit trail with CSV/JSON export
- **Configuration**: System settings management
- **Associations**: Monitor active DICOM network connections

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: React 18 with TypeScript
- **Build Tool**: Vite
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS v4
- **State Management**: React Query (TanStack Query)
- **Routing**: React Router v6
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Charts**: Recharts

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm 9+
- PACS REST API server running on port 8080

## Getting Started

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

## Development

The development server runs on port 3000 and proxies API requests to `http://localhost:8080`.

### Project Structure

```
web/
├── src/
│   ├── api/          # API client and types
│   ├── components/   # Reusable UI components
│   │   ├── layout/   # Layout components (Header, Sidebar)
│   │   └── ui/       # Base UI components (Button, Card, Table)
│   ├── hooks/        # Custom React hooks
│   ├── lib/          # Utility functions
│   ├── pages/        # Page components
│   └── types/        # TypeScript type definitions
├── public/           # Static assets
└── index.html        # Entry HTML file
```

### API Endpoints

The frontend connects to the following REST API endpoints:

| Endpoint | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `GET /api/v1/system/status` | System health status |
| `GET /api/v1/system/metrics` | Performance metrics |
| `GET /api/v1/system/config` | Configuration |
| `GET /api/v1/patients` | Patient list |
| `GET /api/v1/patients/:id` | Patient details |
| `GET /api/v1/worklist` | Worklist items |
| `GET /api/v1/audit/logs` | Audit log entries |
| `GET /api/v1/associations` | DICOM associations |

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be in the `dist/` directory. These can be served by any static file server or integrated with the C++ REST server.

## Configuration

### Vite Configuration

Edit `vite.config.ts` to customize:
- API proxy settings
- Build output directory
- Development server port

### TailwindCSS Theme

Edit `src/index.css` to customize the color theme and design tokens.

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](../LICENSE) for details.
